Describe export to excel restrictions (T852278) (#590)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/export/allowExportSelectedData.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Allows users to export selected rows only.

---
When this option is set to **true**, a click on <img src="/Content/images/doc/20_1/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_export.png" alt="DevExtreme DataGrid HTML5 Toolbar Exporting" style="vertical-align:middle"/> invokes a menu that contains the "Export selected rows" command.

![DevExtreme DataGrid Exporting Selected Rows](/images/DataGrid/Export_SelectedRows.png)

> [note]This option cannot be enabled when summary calculation is [remote](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/#summary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note]This option cannot be enabled when [custom server-side summaries](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Summaries/Custom_Aggregate_Function/#Server-Side_Data_Aggregation) are used.
```

> [note]This option is disabled when summary calculation is [remote](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/#summary) and [custom summary calculation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/summary/#calculateCustomSummary) is used.

Reviewer 2: "option is disabled" - do we use "disabled" when describing properties of our widget?
I think "disabled" is about end-user UI and it's better to write "option is not supported".

Reviewer 2: And, let's specify the source issue for any change: since 2021.01.01, there will be "WTF?" only about this text.
This scenario we investigated in t852278 ticket (it's ok to refer private tickets in PR subjects in devextreme repo).
I added this info into the subject, check it pls.

Author: Sorry, but I cannot agree that 'disabled' does not fit here. Let me show a few examples:
1. [The showCancelButton option makes sense only if the usePopover option is disabled.](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/20_1/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxActionSheet/Configuration/#showCancelButton)
2. [If paging is disabled, the widget loads all rows simultaneously which can reduce the widget's performance.](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/20_1/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode)
3. [If this option is disabled, the widget does not display values until the number of typed characters exceeds the minSearchLength value, otherwise it displays all values regardless of the specified filtering condition.](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/20_1/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxLookup/Configuration/#showDataBeforeSearch)

And there are many more, so I would like to keep it.

Considering the tickets - looks ok to me. If @RomanTsukanov has no objections to this, we might extend this practice.

Reviewer: Whether "disabled" is a good word choice depends on the context. Here, the option is disabled by default. I guess what we want to say is that this option _cannot be enabled_ if you use custom summaries. We can refer the reader to [this article](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Summaries/Custom_Aggregate_Function/).

Regarding ticket IDs in the subject, I don't mind.

Author: Is it really important to refer to the article on [custom aggregate funtion](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Summaries/Custom_Aggregate_Function/)? It seems to me that it is not related to this description

#####See Also#####
- **export**.**texts**.[exportSelectedRows](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/export/texts/exportSelectedRows.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/texts/#exportSelectedRows') - customizes the text of the "Export selected rows" command.

> - **selection**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/selection/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/selection/#mode') - enables selection in the widget.

Reviewer 3: Can we make this description more specific?
For example, does it allow you to select rows to be exported?

Author: Not in this case, because this section contains links to related articles. This **selection**.mode is an article on selecting rows in DataGrid in general, not only when exporting.
